hey I'm Denise from STL motherhood and I
help parents find cool things to do with
their kids like ya find ahead and trade
museum
you're watching 100 days of SEO what's
up everybody Brendan Hufford here
welcome to SEO mashup Monday let's do it
[Music]
SEO what welcome it and show mashup one
day hello smart smart friends I'm Evan
housework no that's not that's I'm
Brendon Harford have radically changed
my life with SEO today SEO mashup Monday
a weekly Monday morning SEO news show
I'm gonna cover a bunch of cool SEO
content from this past week and frankly
a bunch of other crap I feel like
talking about first up is this article
on search engine watch I wrote it you
should read it
links in the description actually know
things that awesome you don't have to
read it if you do want to read something
freaking amazing you should go read this
article from Nick Eubanks all about
keyword research I'm pretty sure this
was a paid course and Nick was like
screw it I'm just gonna make it free on
my blog and it's amazing if you have any
questions on how to actually do keyword
research and you want to read an article
written by somebody who actually does
keyword research for living and owns an
agency and is just can brilliant cheese
I'm just that's random back that
aggressive it's just a really fantastic
article on keyword research you should
go read it this past week the New York
Times had pretty much every other media
outlet reported senator Elizabeth Warren
said she wanted to break up tech giants
like Amazon and Facebook and Google in
other news Facebook banned the ads
Elizabeth Warren was running talking
about breaking up Facebook meanwhile
Google's over here like accident it's I
don't know I just think we're all paying
attention to Facebook because there's
such scumbags they do stuff like this
where they're just keeping our phone
numbers now they won't let us take them
off our accounts it's a lot of like look
at what this hand is doing and don't
watch over here and then kind of two
stories left here the first one that
comes from Matthew Woodward that put out
a really cool article about how to tell
if Google is having somebody manually
check your website for quality of course
Google came out with a disinformation
campaign saying that's not how this
works
and then all of this anecdotal evidence
came out that it was like yeah basically
it's how it is either these people
manually review your website and traffic
gets better or traffic gets worse but in
zero
percent of cases zero percent of cases
so far nothing didn't happen and what I
mean by that is traffic after they
reviewed the website either went up or
down but at no time did nothing happen
in response all about when I move my
hands too much it messes up that light
nice good one Brendan also March
probably the biggest news in SEO Google
came out with a core algorithm update a
bunch of dorks who don't actually do SEO
sat around and tried to decide what to
name the thing that's fire but the point
of SEO mashup Monday is not just to talk
about myself the point is to highlight
other people that you should absolutely
be following people like Matthew
Woodward people like Nicki Eubanks Matt
Howells Barbie who you saw a screenshot
up here a second ago these are the
people you should be following if you
really want to learn SEO in 2019 like I
said my name is Brendon huffard I've
radically changed my life with SEO and
I've started this project 100 days of
SEO to help you radically change yours
if you're listening to this on podcast
make sure you subscribe the same for
YouTube give this episode a thumbs up if
you thought the resources were helpful
and I'll see you tomorrow for two minute
Tuesday don't forget to work hard be
nice people and don't get too lost
trying to create something that matters
wait what happy st. Patrick's Day happy
st. Patrick's Day I am having Holford
don't forget to work hard be nice to be
both talking to me must trying to create
something that matters
[Music]